## Search Data Locally

To start geocoding `Location`, we will add two previously mentioned gems:
[area][area] and [geocoder][geocoder-github]. [Area][area] will be used to
geocode `Location` based on postal code, while [geocoder][geocoder-github]
will be used to do a radial search for locations within a distance.

### Changes to the Controller and View

Instead of just assigning `Location.all` to `@locations`, we take into account
possible search values; when a value is present, we call the method
`Location.near` (provided by the [geocoder][geocoder-github] gem), which adds
some trigonometry to the SQL query to search within a certain radius. Without
a search term, however, we continue to use `Location.all`:

` app/controllers/locations_controller.rb@0ce0bfa:2,8

The method `.near` provided by [geocoder][geocoder-github] is flexible; at
this point, we provide coordinates calculated by the [area][area] gem (and
rolled up into the `PostalCode` class). By providing coordinates, this ensures
the [geocoder][geocoder-github] gem does not hit any external services to
calculate the center of the search, which makes for a more efficient process
and supports faster page load:

` app/controllers/locations_controller.rb@0ce0bfa:12,18

` app/models/postal_code.rb@0ce0bfa

The view changes very little, adding only a form to allow for searching:

` app/views/locations/index.html.erb@0ce0bfa:1,5

### Changes to the Model

The model now needs to do two things: know how to update its coordinates when
the model is updated and recognize itself as a geocodable model.

To update coordinates, adding an `after_validation` callback to geocode the
model is most straightforward:

` app/models/location.rb@0ce0bfa

This callback relies on `PostalCode`, taking advantage of the [area][area] gem
to convert `#postal_code` to useable coordinates.

To add the `.near` class method for searching based on location, the model
needs to declare the attribute or method (passed as a symbol to `geocoded_by`)
by which it can be geocoded.  Because geocoding is being handled by the
`PostalCode` class and not the [geocoder][geocoder-github] gem, the attribute
`:country_code` is perfectly acceptable for the current use case. When hitting
an external service like Google, however, we'll need to change this attribute
to something more specific, such as street address.

### Testing
* [Unit Tests](#unit-tests)
